<pre>






  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1023
  VERSION  :  3.1
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 23, 1992                         PAGE  :  1/5

    TITLE  :  Persistent Objects using Turbo Vision





  One of the questions in object oriented programming that arises
  is how to save an object to disk or other media.  This concept is
  called persistence, referring to objects whose lifetime persists
  beyond the termination of the program in which they were created.
  C++ does not have any built in facility for handling persistent
  objects and there are all sorts of hidden data members in C++
  classes, including some with runtime dependent address
  information.  So the question becomes one of how to design a
  mechanism that will allow us to write the data of a class out to
  a disk file in such a way that we can restore the object at a
  later time with the data intact.

  Turbo Vision has such a mechanism and it is called the Turbo
  Vision stream.  Turbo Vision streams work with any Turbo Vision
  object that has had stream support added.  This document is
  designed as an overview for the Turbo Vision streams and to act
  as a checklist for the different items a programmer has to
  provide to add complete stream support to a custom Turbo Vision
  object.  It is expected that the reader be familiar with the
  concepts discussed in Chapter 8 of the Turbo Vision User's Guide.

  Here is a brief description of the mechanism used by Turbo Vision
  to implement persistent objects.  A special type of stream,
  pstream, is derived from the standard C++ i/o stream library to
  handle reading and writing the special data files.  For output
  each object provides an appropriate write() function to write its
  data out to the stream.  This function will be written in terms
  of a base of functions and operators that work with the built in
  types.  It is called by an overloaded operator<< when the
  programmer uses that operator to write the object out to the
  stream.

  Later, when the object is to be read in, a special constructor
  that takes a type StreamableInit constructor is called to
  recreate a memory image of the object.  The stream manager calls
  this constructor through the static build() member function whose
  address is stored in the stream registration database.  This is
  the reason an object must be registered before it will stream
  properly and this is how the runtime dependent information such
  as the virtual table is restored.  Next the read() functions will
  be called to initialize the data areas of the object.  Then the














  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1023
  VERSION  :  3.1
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 23, 1992                         PAGE  :  2/5

    TITLE  :  Persistent Objects using Turbo Vision




  operator returns, and a new object has been created that is
  functionally equivalent to the one which had been saved earlier.

  There is a list of eight considerations that must be met before
  an object can be streamed properly.  Here is the list of
  requirements.

  1.   The object must have TStreamable in its inheritance
  hierarchy.  Anything derived from TView already meets this
  requirement.  If one is deriving a new object from TObject and
  one desires to stream such items, then multiple inheritance
  should be used to derive it from TStreamable also.

  2.   Override the virtual read/write for data related to class
  (if the class is derived from something, then one will call the
  parents read/write function first.  e.g. TView::write().)  If
  there is no data specific to this class, these members may be
  left out.  These should be protected data members.  The
  prototypes are:

       virtual void write( opstream& )
       virtual void *read( ipstream& )    // returns 'this'

  3.   Include a private constructor which accepts one parameter of
  type StreamableInit (this is a typedef for 'streamableInit').
  Have the constructor call the parent class constructor and pass
  it the parameter streamableInit.

       e.g. TClassName( StreamableInit ) : TView( StreamableInit )
            {}

  4.   Have a public function that builds a 'template' for the
  object.  This will be used by the stream manager to create an
  instance of an object whose data it is currently reading.  The
  prototype is

       TStreamable *build()

  and here is an example:

      TStreamable *TClassName::build()
      {
          return new TClassName( streamableInit );













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1023
  VERSION  :  3.1
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 23, 1992                         PAGE  :  3/5

    TITLE  :  Persistent Objects using Turbo Vision




      }

  5.   Have a public static character pointer to const called name.
  This should be initialized to a unique character string, normally
  the class name, e.g.

       const char * const TClassName::name = "TClassName";

  6.   Have a public function called streamableName() that returns
  the above string, name.  It's implemented like this:

      virtual const char *streamableName() const
      {
          return name;
      }

  7.   The object should be registered with the stream manager.
  This is done by creating an object of type TStreamableClass and
  passing the name, address of the build member function, and a
  third parameter to its constructor.  The third argument, __DELTA(
  TClassName ) is a macro that is explained at the end of this
  document.  By convention, the name of this instance should be
  RClassName, e.g.

       TStreamableClass RClassName( TClassName::name,
                                    TClassName::build,
                                    __DELTA( TClassName )
                                  );

  Furthermore, when using a class that descends from a Turbo Vision
  object, you have to pull in its registration instance too.  This
  done with the __link() macro.  It will be used for the TV class
  that the object was derived from.  It takes a single argument
  that is the class name of the TV class involved, except the first
  letter is an 'R' instead of a 'T'.  If you derived TMyWindow from
  TWindow, you would do this:

      __link( RWindow );

  8.   The >> and << operators should be overloaded for this object
  with the following lines to facilitate their usage for writing
  and reading objects with the stream.  When reading objects from a
  stream into a pointer, the pointer should NOT be allocated first.













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1023
  VERSION  :  3.1
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 23, 1992                         PAGE  :  4/5

    TITLE  :  Persistent Objects using Turbo Vision




  The stream manager will take care of creating the proper object
  for that pointer and assigning the new address.  When writing
  objects to a stream, make sure that the first object is passed by
  address to the operator, otherwise the stream header will not be
  set up properly.

      inline ipstream& operator >> (ipstream& is, TClassName & cl)
      {
          return is >> (TStreamable&) cl;
      }

      inline ipstream& operator >> (ipstream& is, TClassName *& cl)
      {
          return is >> (void *&) cl;
      }

      inline opstream& operator << (opstream& os, TClassName & cl)
      {
          return os << (TStreamable&) cl;
      }

      inline opstream& operator << (opstream& os, TClassName * cl)
      {
          return os << (TStreamable *) cl;
      }



  Quick descriptions of Turbo Vision stream objects and macros.
  ------------------------------------------------------------

  i/ofpstream:

      These are the names of the stream objects that replace the
  C++ file streams.  Use them when writing or reading objects to or
  from a disk file.


  TStreamable:

      Base class for all streamable objects.  Any class that is
  streamed MUST be descended from this class.  (Note: Anything
  derived from TView already meets this requirement.)













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1023
  VERSION  :  3.1
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 23, 1992                         PAGE  :  5/5

    TITLE  :  Persistent Objects using Turbo Vision




  TStreamableClass:

      An object of this type is created for the purposes of
  registering a new object with the streams.  This gives the stream
  manager the tools to build an object that is being read.


  __link( RTVClassName ):

      Used to register the Turbo Vision object RTVClassName.


  __DELTA( TClassName ):

      This calculates the difference in the address between a
  TClassName* and the embedded TStreamable* within.  TClassName may
  have multiple base classes, most often being TStreamable and
  TObject, and these addresses are not necessarily the same.  The
  stream manager needs this delta value to be able to properly cast
  a TStreamable* back to the object it is supposed to be.


  More examples of implementing Turbo Vision streams
  --------------------------------------------------

  On the Borland Forums and BBS there are two sample archive files,
  TVNSTREA.ZIP and TVSTREAM.ZIP.  The former is a simple Turbo
  Vision program and the latter is the same program but with stream
  support and a <Save Desktop> feature added.


  DISCLAIMER: You have the right to use this technical information
  subject to the terms of the No-Nonsense License Statement that
  you received with the Borland product to which this information
  pertains.














</pre>
