






  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1021
  VERSION  :  3.1
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 23, 1992                         PAGE  :  1/2

    TITLE  :  How to extract text from a TEditor Buffer.




  //
  // This document shows how to copy the contents of an editor
  // buffer into a separate data area, assuming you have a pointer
  // to an editor.
  //
  // For more information on how these calculations were obtained,
  // see the first few pages of the TEditor object documentation in
  // the Class Reference section in the Turbo Vision User's Guide.
  //

  //
  // unsigned edDataSize( TEditor *ed )
  //
  //   This function returns the length of the current editor
  //   buffer. This is how much space would need to be available in
  //   order to copy the editor buffer to another location.
  //

  inline unsigned edDataSize( TEditor *ed )
  {
      return( ed->bufLen );
  }

  //
  // void edGetData( TEditor *ed, char *dest )
  //
  //   This function copies the data from the editor buffer into
  //   the alternate buffer passed in.  The alternate buffer must
  //   already have been allocated for at least as many bytes as
  //   edDataSize() returns.
  //

  void edGetData( TEditor *ed, char *dest )
  {
      // Copy from beginning of buffer up to cursor.
      memcpy( dest, ed->buffer, ed->curPtr );

      // Copy from end of gap through to end of buffer.
      memcpy( dest + ed->curPtr,
              ed->buffer + ed->curPtr + ed->gapLen,
              ed->bufLen - ed->curPtr
            );
  }













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1021
  VERSION  :  3.1
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 23, 1992                         PAGE  :  2/2

    TITLE  :  How to extract text from a TEditor Buffer.




  //
  // char *copyEditor()
  //
  //   This function assumes that the current selected deskTop
  //   window is a TEditWindow, extracts the editor from the
  //   TEditWindow and copies the current editor buffer into an
  //   extra buffer that has been allocated for this purpose.  It
  //   is intended to demonstrate how one might use the functions
  //   that are
  //

  char *TTestApp::copyEditor()
  {
      TFileEditor *ed = (TFileEditor *)
        ((TEditWindow *) TProgram::deskTop->current )->editor;

      unsigned len = edDataSize( ed );
      char *buf = new char [ len + 1];  // Allocate buffer for data
      if( buf != NULL )
          edGetData( ed, buf );         // Copy data from editor to
                                        //  buffer.
      buf[ len ] = '\0';
      return buf;
  }


  DISCLAIMER: You have the right to use this technical information
  subject to the terms of the No-Nonsense License Statement that
  you received with the Borland product to which this information
  pertains.



















