<pre>






  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1022
  VERSION  :  3.1
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  December 3, 1992                         PAGE  :  1/7

    TITLE  :  Initialization Order of Objects & Turbo Vision




  INITIALIZATION ORDER OF GLOBAL OBJECTS BETWEEN SOURCE MODULES

       The order of constructor calls for global objects is an
  important consideration when writing large-scale C++ programs.
  The Annotated C++ Reference Manual (ARM) by Ellis and Stroustrup
  is the ANSI base document for C++.  It only specifies the order
  for a given source module.  Any other initialization order is not
  specified by the ARM and is therefore implementation dependent.
  ( NOTE: section 3.4 of the ARM also mentions other issues related
  to object initialization before the use of any function/object
  defined in a given module - this document, however, discusses the
  current implementation of Borland C++ 3.1 and it predecessors.)

       According to Ellis and Stroustrup, the order of
  initialization in a given module will always be in order of
  declaration, in other words, top down and left to right.
  Execution order of constructors and destructors between source
  modules is not specified, except that destructors will be called
  in reverse order from the constructors.  (See ARM section 3.4.)
  The only exception to this rule is that it is guaranteed that the
  I/O streams cout and cin will be constructed before any other
  global constructor calls are made.

  The effect of this provision is that if you have two modules, A
  and B, and each has a global object that has a constructor, say
  GlobObjA and GlobObjB respectively, then GlobObjA might be
  created before GlobObjB, or it might not. This order is
  implementation dependent and should not be relied upon since it
  is inherently non-portable and could even change between compiler
  versions from the same vendor.

  The following text describes how Borland C++ and Turbo C++ handle
  the order of construction of global objects.

  When building a C++ program, three things can affect the link
  order of modules:

          1.  order of object modules
          2.  order of libraries
          3.  order of object modules within a library

  For compiler versions 1.0, 1.01, 2.0, and 3.0 (Borland C++ or
  Turbo C++, Windows or DOS), the order of constructor calls is













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1022
  VERSION  :  3.1
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  December 3, 1992                         PAGE  :  2/7

    TITLE  :  Initialization Order of Objects & Turbo Vision




  from right to left on the TLINK line, starting with libraries,
  then object modules, and from bottom to top inside an individual
  library.  Simply put, the order is exactly backwards to the order
  in which the linker found each module.

  There is also an anomaly that causes the destructors to be called
  in exactly the same order, in violation of the standard.

  For compiler version 3.1, the order of constructor calls is
  exactly opposite of that listed above.  Object module
  constructors are called first, from left to right on the TLINK
  line.  Then library module constructors from left to right on the
  TLINK line and top to bottom within each library. Destructor
  order has not changed, and thus the 3.1 compilers are now in
  accordance with the standard, with destructor order being the
  exact opposite of constructor order.

  If the IDE is being used, then the order of the object files on
  the TLINK command line corresponds to the order in which modules
  are listed in the project file.  User libraries are treated
  similarly.

  This fix implemented in version 3.1 affects the Turbo Vision
  library.  Declaring the application object of a Turbo Vision
  program outside of main() (i.e., make it a global object) was
  allowed in version 3.0. This was because its constructor would be
  called after every other object in the Turbo Vision library had
  been constructed. In version 3.1, the application object
  constructor will be called before any of the Turbo Vision library
  global objects are built.

  This poses a problem because certain functions that are called
  when the application object is built require that objects such as
  TScreen be constructed first, and this won't happen because the
  order of initialization of global objects has changed.  If you
  run such an application, there will be a short delay and then a
  movable mouse cursor will appear on the screen.  No Turbo Vision
  screen will appear and you will be able to do very little.
  <Alt-X> will still exit the program if that keystroke is enabled
  through the status line.
















  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1022
  VERSION  :  3.1
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  December 3, 1992                         PAGE  :  3/7

    TITLE  :  Initialization Order of Objects & Turbo Vision




  The solution to this problem is to make the application object
  local to main().  It can be made static if desired ( so that no
  stack space is used ), but it should be local to main().

  Below is a simple test program that will allow verification of
  constructor and destructor calling order for a C++ program.  It
  can be built in any version of the compiler, but the accompanying
  makefile requires MAKE version 3.6 that shipped with either
  version 3.0 or version 3.1.  Previous versions will require a
  modification of the makefile.  Future versions of MAKE should
  work okay.

  For Further Reference:
          The Annotated C++ Reference Manual
          Margaret A. Ellis and Bjarne Stroustrup
          Addison-Wesley Publishing Company
          ISBN 0-201-51459-1

  NOTES

  1. The version numbers in this document refer to the version of
  compiler technology used in a particular product.  For the most
  part, the version of the product is the same as the version of
  the technology.  The following table should be of some assistance
  in determining this.

          Product                       C++ Technology Version
         ------------------------------------------------------
          Borland C++ 3.1                        3.1
          Borland C++ 3.0                        3.0
          Borland C++ 2.0                        2.0
          Turbo C++ for DOS 3.0                  3.0
          Turbo C++ 2nd edition                  1.0
          Turbo C++ 1.0                          1.0
          Turbo C++ for Windows 3.1              3.1
          Turbo C++ for Windows 3.0              3.0

  2. How concepts such as global initialization order are
  implemented is subject to change without notice.  This is an
  implentation specific feature of C++ and it can change between
  compiler versions.  This document is only good up through version
  3.1 of Borland's compiler technology.  If you write code
  dependent on a certain order, be sure to document fully how it













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1022
  VERSION  :  3.1
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  December 3, 1992                         PAGE  :  4/7

    TITLE  :  Initialization Order of Objects & Turbo Vision




  works and what order it requires.  That way, if the order
  changes, any problems related to this can be easily traced.



  #
  # Makefile for Constructor Calling Order Demo.
  #
  # Written by Borland Technical Support, 1992.
  #
  .AUTODEPEND

  NAME   = main
  OBJ    = $(NAME).obj a.obj b.obj
  LIB    = x.lib y.lib
  XOBJ   = c.obj d.obj
  YOBJ   = e.obj
  DEBUG  = -v
  MODEL  = -ml
  CFLAGS = -c -H

  .cpp.obj:
      $(BCC) $(MODEL) $(DEBUG) $(CFLAGS) {$*.cpp }

  .c.obj:
      $(BCC) $(MODEL) $(DEBUG) $(CFLAGS) {$*.c }

  #
  # ________  EXE  ________
  #
  $(NAME).exe: $(OBJ) $(LIB)
      $(TLINK) -x $(DEBUG) @&&~
  c0l +
  $(OBJ)
  $(NAME)
  $(NAME)
  $(LIB) +
  cl
  ~

  x.lib: $(XOBJ)
      &$(TLIB) x.lib {-+$? }














  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1022
  VERSION  :  3.1
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  December 3, 1992                         PAGE  :  5/7

    TITLE  :  Initialization Order of Objects & Turbo Vision




  y.lib: $(YOBJ)
      &$(TLIB) y.lib {-+$? }






  /*
   * MAIN.CPP: Main module for constructor calling order demo.
   *
   */
  #include <iostream.h>

  void aa(void), bb(void), cc(void), dd(void), ee(void);

  int main()
  {
       cout << "Main..." << endl;

       aa(); bb(); cc(); dd(); ee();
       // Calling these functions forces
       //  their linkage from the library.

      return 0;
  }





  /*
   * A.CPP: Test module A for constructor calling order demo.
   *
   */
  #include <iostream.h>

  class A {
  public:
      A() { cout << "Creating A (module 1)" << endl; }
      ~A() { cout << "Destroying A (module 1)" << endl; }
  };














  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1022
  VERSION  :  3.1
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  December 3, 1992                         PAGE  :  6/7

    TITLE  :  Initialization Order of Objects & Turbo Vision




  A a;

  void aa(void) {}





  /*
   * B.CPP: Test module B for constructor calling order demo.
   *
   */
  #include <iostream.h>

  class B {
  public:
      B() { cout << "Creating B (module 2)" << endl; }
      ~B() { cout << "Destroying B (module 2)" << endl; }
  };

  B b;

  void bb(void) {}





  /*
   * C.CPP: Test module C for constructor calling order demo.
   *
   */
  #include <iostream.h>

  class C {
  public:
      C() { cout << "Creating C (lib 1, module 1)" << endl; }
      ~C() { cout << "Destroying C (lib 1, module 1)" << endl; }
  };

  C c;

  void cc(void) {}













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1022
  VERSION  :  3.1
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  December 3, 1992                         PAGE  :  7/7

    TITLE  :  Initialization Order of Objects & Turbo Vision




  /*
   * D.CPP: Test module D for constructor calling order demo.
   *
   */
  #include <iostream.h>

  class D {
  public:
      D() { cout << "Creating D (lib 1, module 2)" << endl; }
      ~D() { cout << "Destroying D (lib 1, module 2)" << endl; }
  };

  D d;

  void dd(void) {}





  /*
   * E.CPP: Test module E for constructor calling order demo.
   *
   */
  #include <iostream.h>

  class E {
  public:
      E() { cout << "Creating E (lib 2, module 1)" << endl; }
      ~E() { cout << "Destroying E (lib 2, module 1)" << endl; }
  };

  E e;

  void ee(void) {}


  DISCLAIMER: You have the right to use this technical information
  subject to the terms of the No-Nonsense License Statement that
  you received with the Borland product to which this information
  pertains.








</pre>
