<pre>






  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1013
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  August 12, 1992                          PAGE  :  1/3

    TITLE  :  Making string lists using Turbo Vision





       The sample code provided below constructs a string list with
  two strings, writes it into a file, and then reads the strings
  back out into a new string list.

       There is a error in the example program listed in the Turbo
  Vision manual regarding TStringList/TStrListMaker (end of Ch.9).
  The listing in the manual creates an instance of TStrListMaker
  which is streamed to the file "STR.LST".

       There are two relevant overloaded operator<< ()'s that are
  used by Turbo Vision for streaming:

        .1  ostream& operator<< (ostream&, TStreamable *)
    and .2  ostream& operator<< (ostream&, TStreamable &)

  Given the line:
       ops << myStringList

  The first version will be called if 'myStringList' is a pointer,
  and the second one will be called if the 'myStringList' is an
  actual instance of the Object.  The code for the first version
  properly treats new files by writing the appropriate header byte
  into the file before streaming the object.  After writing the
  header information, the first version of the operator actually
  calls the second version to perform the real streaming.

  The "ostream& operator<< (ostream&, TStreamable &)" version,
  however,  does NOT write any header bytes into the stream which
  results in an 'Abnormal Program Termination' message when the
  stream is read back.

  Therefore, always ensure that only pointers are used when
  streaming to a new file: do NOT write actual object instances
  into new files.

  NOTE:  When compiling with version 3.1 of Borland C++, make sure
  to apply the patch BC31P1.ZIP.  This patch fixes a problem with
  overloading the global new operator, and this example program is
  affected by this problem.


  #define Uses_TStringList













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1013
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  August 12, 1992                          PAGE  :  2/3

    TITLE  :  Making string lists using Turbo Vision




  #define Uses_TStrListMaker
  #define Uses_ofpstream
  #define Uses_ifpstream
  #include <tv.h>

  #include <iostream.h>       // cout
  #include <stdlib.h>         // exit()
  #include <conio.h>          // getch()

  __link(RStringList); // Register objects with the stream manager.


  int main(void)
  {
  //
  // Build string list with TStrListMaker object and
  // write string list out to disk with the persistant object
  // streams.
  //
      TStrListMaker *myStrings = new TStrListMaker(128, 128);

      if( myStrings == 0 )
          {
          cout << "No memory allocated for TStrListMaker object."
               << endl;
          exit(-1);
          }

      myStrings->put( 1, "Do not pass GO!" );
      myStrings->put( 2, "Do not collect $200." );

      ofpstream *ops = new ofpstream( "STR.LST" );
      if( ops )
          *ops << myStrings;
      else
          {
          cout << "Error opening output string file." << endl;
          exit(-2);
          }

      delete ops;             // clean up file stream
      delete myStrings;       // clean up string list maker object














  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1013
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  August 12, 1992                          PAGE  :  3/3

    TITLE  :  Making string lists using Turbo Vision




  //
  // Read string list back in from file into a TStringList
  // object.  Print out one of the strings to display that it
  // worked ok.
  //
      TStringList *myStringList;
      char legend[128];
      ifpstream *ifp = new ifpstream( "STR.LST" );

      if( ifp )
          *ifp >> myStringList;
      else
          {
          cout << "Error opening input string file." << endl;
          exit(-3);
          }

      myStringList->get( legend, 1 );
      cout << "First string is \"" << legend << "\"" << endl;

      delete ifp;             // clean up file stream
      delete myStringList;    // cleanup string list object

      cout << endl << "Holding output screen.  Any key to exit."
           << endl;
      getch();
      return 0;
  }


  DISCLAIMER: You have the right to use this technical information
  subject to the terms of the No-Nonsense License Statement that
  you received with the Borland product to which this information
  pertains.















</pre>
