<pre>






  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1006
  VERSION  :  3.0
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  August 12, 1992                          PAGE  :  1/2

    TITLE  :  Overlaying Turbo Vision




  BACKGROUND
       Understand that in order to create an overlaid version of
       the Turbo Vision source code YOU MUST:

            Have the Turbo Assembler Available

            Place debugging information in only those modules in
            which you plan to debug as TLink may not be able to
            accommodate the request.

       If you have a copy of Turbo Assembler and are ready to
       recompile the Turbo Vision source so that it contains
       support for overlays, read on as the next section describes
       how to do this.


  RECOMPILING FOR OVERLAY SUPPORT
       To recompile the source code for Turbo Vision to include
       support for overlays you must do the following:

            Change directories to the SOURCE directory which is
            usually located in c:\borlandc\tvision\source.

            Execute the following command:
                 make -DOVERLAY -B

       This will produce a new version of TV.LIB which supports
       overlays.  It will also produce two .OBJ files, SYSINT.OBJ
       and TEVENT.OBJ.  These two files contain code for TV's
       interrupt handlers and CANNOT be overlayed.


  IMPORTANT NOTICE
       Be sure to use the same BC switches outlined in the makefile
       when compiling your source code to be overlayed with the new
       overlayed Turbo Vision library!

       When building an overlayed application, you must be sure to
       link with the three files SYSINT.OBJ, TEVENT.OBJ, and
       TV.LIB.

       The two .OBJ files must not be located in an overlay.














  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1006
  VERSION  :  3.0
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  August 12, 1992                          PAGE  :  2/2

    TITLE  :  Overlaying Turbo Vision




       Your command line should look something like this:
            bcc -Vs -B -ml -Yo myfile -Yo- sysint.obj tevent.obj -
            Yo tv.lib

       See the Programmer's Guide for details on the meanings of
       the various Yo switches.


  INCREASING PERFOMANCE
       To improve performance of your now overlaid Turbo Vision
       application you'll want to increase the size of the global
       variable __ovrbuffer to 0x2000 or greater.

  DISCLAIMER: You have the right to use this technical information
  subject to the terms of the No-Nonsense License Statement that
  you received with the Borland product to which this information
  pertains.
































</pre>
