






  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1296
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 25, 1993                         PAGE  :  1/6

    TITLE  :  Using Turbo Vision resource files.




  Below is an example of two programs that demonstrates reading and
  writing a resource file.  WRITE.CPP creates a new resource file
  that contains a MenuBar and a customer dialog.  READ.CPP read the
  resource file and uses the MenuBar and custom dialog.  Both
  program use the ENTRY.H header file.

  //
  //   Write.cpp
  //
  //

  #define Uses_fpstream
  #define Uses_TStreamableClass
  #define Uses_TResourceFile
  #define Uses_TResourceCollection
  #define Uses_TRect
  #define Uses_TMenuBar
  #define Uses_TSubMenu
  #define Uses_TMenuItem
  #define Uses_TKeys
  #include <tv.h>
  #include <process.h>
  #include <stdio.h>
  #include "Entry.h"               // see source for ENTRY.H
  bellow.

  #define FileName "Resource.Sav"  // Name of the resource file.
  //
  //  __link() is used to register any Turbo Vision objects used.
  //
  __link(RResourceCollection);     // IMPORTANT:
  __link(RResourceCollection)
                                   // must appear in any program
                                   // using resources.

  __link(RMenuBar);
  __link(RDialog);
  __link(RFrame);
  __link(RInputLine);
  __link(RButton);


  TResourceFile *MyRes;













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1296
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 25, 1993                         PAGE  :  2/6

    TITLE  :  Using Turbo Vision resource files.




  fpstream *S;

  //
  // The TStreamableClass is used to register any descendent of any
  // Turbo Vision objects.
  //
  TStreamableClass RBaseState(TEntry::name,       // Registers the
                                TEntry::build,    // TEntry object.
                                 __DELTA(TEntry));

  const char * const near TEntry::name = "TEntry";// The name of
                                                  // the class
                                                  // used in the
                                                 //StreamableClass.

  // The Setup() function create a stream object and then passes
  // the object to the constructor of the TResourceFile object.
  //
  void Setup()
  {
     remove(FileName);               // Delete old resource file.
     S = new fpstream(FileName, ios::out|ios::in|ios::binary);
                                     // Create the resource file.
     if (!S)
     {
       cout << "Error opening stream\n";
       exit(1);
     }
     MyRes = new TResourceFile(S);   // Create the resource object.
     if (!MyRes)
     {
       cout << "Error opening Res file.\n";
       exit(1);
     }
     return;
  }
  //
  // In the main a MenuBar and TEntry dialog box are created.  The
  // two object are written the resource by using the MyRes->put()
  // function.  The MenuBar and the Entry objects can then be
  // loaded by another program.
  //
  int main()













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1296
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 25, 1993                         PAGE  :  3/6

    TITLE  :  Using Turbo Vision resource files.




  {
     Setup();
     TRect r(0, 0, 80, 1);
     TMenuBar *Menu = new TMenuBar(r,     // Create the MenuBar.
         *new TSubMenu( "~F~ile", kbAltF )+
             *new TMenuItem( "~D~ialog", cmDialog, 0, hcNoContext, "")+
             newLine()+
             *new TMenuItem( "E~x~it", cmQuit, cmQuit, hcNoContext,
                           "Alt-X" )+
         *new TSubMenu( "~W~indow", kbAltW )+
             *new TMenuItem( "~N~ext", cmNext,     kbF6,
                           hcNoContext, "F6" )+
             *new TMenuItem( "~Z~oom", cmZoom,     kbF5,
                           hcNoContext, "F5" )
         );
     MyRes->put(Menu, "MenuBar"); // Place the MenuBar in the
                                  // resource file. "MenuBar" is
                                  // used as the name of the object
                                  // it can be used by READ.CPP as
                                  // the name in the get()
                                  // function.  The name can be
                                  // thought the key in a database
                                  // of objects.
     MyRes->flush();
     TEntry *E = new TEntry(TRect(10, 5, 50, 15), "A Dialog", "Test
                           String", 10);
     MyRes->put(E, "Entry");     // Place the TEntry dialog box in
                                 // the resource file.
     MyRes->flush();
     return 0;
  }

  #define Uses_TDialog
  #define Uses_TRect
  #define Uses_TInputLine
  #define Uses_TButton

  //
  // Entry.h
  // This header file define the TEntry dialog box object that is
  // used be Read.cpp and Write.cpp.
  //














  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1296
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 25, 1993                         PAGE  :  4/6

    TITLE  :  Using Turbo Vision resource files.




  #include <TV.H>
  #include <string.h>
  const cmDialog = 101;

  class TEntry: public TDialog
  {
    public:
      TEntry(const TRect& bounds, const char *aTitle,
        char *ADefault, int AAny);
      ~TEntry()
      {
        delete Default;
      }
    private:
      char *Default;
      int Any;
  //                     For Streaming
  // The code bellow is for making any object that is a descendant
  // of TStreamableClass streamable.  The code can be copied and
  // placed into any other object as long as all occurrences of
  // TEntry are changed to the name of the object that is being
  // created.
     public:
        static TStreamable *build()
         { return new TEntry(streamableInit); };
       static const char * const near name;
     protected:
       TEntry(StreamableInit): TDialog(streamableInit),
         TWindowInit(streamableInit) { };
       virtual const char *streamableName() const {return name;}
       virtual void *read(ipstream &S);
       virtual void write(opstream &S);
  };

  //                     For Streaming
  inline ipstream& operator >> ( ipstream& is, TEntry& cl )
      { return is >> (TStreamable&)cl; }
  inline ipstream& operator >> ( ipstream& is, TEntry*& cl )
      { return is >> (void *&)cl; }
  inline opstream& operator << ( opstream& os, TEntry& cl )
      { return os << (TStreamable&)cl; }
  inline opstream& operator << ( opstream& os, TEntry* cl )
      { return os << (TStreamable *)cl; }













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1296
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 25, 1993                         PAGE  :  5/6

    TITLE  :  Using Turbo Vision resource files.




  //
  // TEntry  constructor initializes some data members and insert
  // the controls into the dialog.
  //
  TEntry::TEntry(const TRect& bounds, const char *aTitle,
    char *ADefault, int AAny) :
    TDialog(bounds, aTitle),
    TWindowInit(&TEntry::initFrame),
    Any(AAny)
  {
     insert(new TButton(TRect(14, 7, 23, 9), "~O~k", cmOK,
                      bfDefault));
     insert(new TInputLine(TRect(3, 4, 23, 5), 20));
     Default = new char[strlen(ADefault) + 1];
     strcpy(Default, ADefault);
  }

  //
  // The read() function read any data members unique to this
  // object from the stream S.  This function is called by Turbo
  // Vision any time an object is read from disk. It is important
  // to note that the order of data members read from the stream is
  // the same order that they are written to the stream
  // in write().
  //
  void *TEntry::read(ipstream &S)
  {
    TDialog::read(S);         // Always call ancestors read()
                              // first.
    Default = S.readString(); // S.readString() reads the string
                              // from the
                              // stream and allocates the
                              // correct amount of memory to hold
                              // the string.
    S >> Any;                 // Any is an integer read in a
                              // standard way.
    return this;
  }

  //
  // The write() function writes any data members unique to this
  // object to the stream S. This function is called by Turbo
  // Vision any time an object is written to disk. It is important













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1296
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 25, 1993                         PAGE  :  6/6

    TITLE  :  Using Turbo Vision resource files.




  // to note the order of data members written to the stream is the
  // same order they are read from  the stream in read().
  //
  void TEntry::write(opstream &S)
  {
    TDialog::write(S);      // Always call ancestors write() first.
    S.writeString(Default); // Writes the char * Default to the
                            // stream.
    S << Any;               // Any is an integer.
  }

  To compile the programs use BCC.EXE with the following options:

  bcc -ml -Ic:\borlandc\tvision\include -Lc:\borlandc\tvision\lib
    c:\borlandc\tvision\lib\tv.lib read.cpp
  bcc -ml -Ic:\borlandc\tvision\include -Lc:\borlandc\tvision\lib
    c:\borlandc\tvision\lib\tv.lib write.cpp

  The above assumes that your C++ compiler is located in
  c:\boarlandc\bin.


  DISCLAIMER: You have the right to use this technical information
  subject to the terms of the No-Nonsense License Statement that
  you received with the Borland product to which this information
  pertains.























