<pre>






  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1369
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 25, 1993                         PAGE  :  1/4

    TITLE  :  Changing the color of shadows in Turbo Vision




  /****************************************************************
  *                                                               *
  * TVSHAD.CPP: This program demonstrates how to change the color *
  * of the shadows for Turbo Vision TViews.  All one need do is   *
  * change the value of the external unsigned char shadowAttr and *
  * force a redraw of either the desktop or application object.   *
  * Note that there is only one color for all the shadows of all  *
  * the views.  Distinct shadow colors for different views is not *
  * supported and is a nontrivial modification of the library.    *
  *                                                               *
  *   The heart of this program is the external declaration for   *
  *   shadowAttr and the redrawing of the desktop object.         *
  *                                                               *
  *****************************************************************

  #define Uses_TRect
  #define Uses_TKeys
  #define Uses_TEvent
  #define Uses_TButton
  #define Uses_TStaticText
  #define Uses_TDialog
  #define Uses_TFrame
  #define Uses_TMenu
  #define Uses_TMenuItem
  #define Uses_TMenuBar
  #define Uses_TDeskTop
  #define Uses_TProgram
  #define Uses_TApplication
  #include <tv.h>

  #pragma hdrstop


  /*
  * command messages used.
  */
  const unsigned int ShadowTest = 100;      // Demo command.
  const unsigned int cmCycle = 101;

  extern uchar shadowAttr;  // Byte that represents shadow color.


  /*













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1369
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 25, 1993                         PAGE  :  2/4

    TITLE  :  Changing the color of shadows in Turbo Vision




  * Dialog box to change color of shadow attribute.
  */

  class TShadowDialog : public TDialog
  {

  public:

       TShadowDialog();
       virtual void handleEvent( TEvent& event );

  };

  TShadowDialog::TShadowDialog() :
       TDialog( TRect(0,0,40,12), "Shadow Cycle" ),
       TWindowInit( initFrame )
  {
       insert( new TStaticText( TRect(2,2,36,6),
  "\x3Press <Cycle> Button\n\x3\n\x3to change color of shadow\n"
            ));
       insert( new TButton( TRect(5,7,15,9), "~C~ycle", cmCycle,
                 bfNormal ));
       insert( new TButton( TRect(25,7,35,9), "O~K", cmOK,
            bfDefault ));
       options |= ofCentered;
  }


  void TShadowDialog::handleEvent( TEvent& event )
  {
       TDialog::handleEvent( event );

       if(  event.what == evCommand &&
            event.message.command == cmCycle )
       {
            shadowAttr++;     // Change the color of the shadow.
            TProgram::deskTop->drawView();  // Redraw the desktop.
            clearEvent( event );
       }
  }


  /*













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1369
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 25, 1993                         PAGE  :  3/4

    TITLE  :  Changing the color of shadows in Turbo Vision




  * Application object declaration
  */

  class TTestApp : public TApplication
  {

  public:

       TTestApp() : TApplication(),
            TProgInit( initStatusLine, initMenuBar, initDeskTop ){}
       static TMenuBar *initMenuBar( TRect r );
       virtual void handleEvent( TEvent& event );

  };


  TMenuBar *TTestApp::initMenuBar( TRect r )
  {
       r.b.y = r.a.y + 1;
       return new TMenuBar( r, new TMenu(
            *new TMenuItem( "~A~bout", ShadowTest, kbAltA )
            ));
  }


  void TTestApp::handleEvent( TEvent& event )
  {
       TApplication::handleEvent( event );

       if(  event.what == evCommand &&
            event.message.command == ShadowTest )
       {
            TDialog *TD=(TDialog *)validView( new TShadowDialog );

            if( TD != 0 )
            execView( TD );

            destroy( TD );
       }
  }


  /*













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1369
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 25, 1993                         PAGE  :  4/4

    TITLE  :  Changing the color of shadows in Turbo Vision




  * Main()
  */

  int main()
  {
       TTestApp TB;
       TB.run();
       return 0;
  }


  DISCLAIMER: You have the right to use this technical information
  subject to the terms of the No-Nonsense License Statement that
  you received with the Borland product to which this information
  pertains.


































</pre>
