






  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1549
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 25, 1993                         PAGE  :  1/5

    TITLE  :  Switching between text video modes in Turbo Vision




   *
   * VIDEO.CPP
   *
   * Turbo Vision example that switches between the available
   * video modes:  color 80x25 and 80x43/50
   *               black & white 80x25 and 80x43/50
   *               monochrome 80x25.
   *
   * Note:
   *
   *   There is an apparent problem involving Microsoft Mouse
   *   drivers v7.04, 8.0, and 8.2 that affects the operability of
   *   this program. In switching from Monochrome mode to Black &
   *   White 25 line mode, the mouse will be left on the monochrome
   *   monitor. This problem does not occur on any other mode
   *   switches and does not occur when the Logitech 5.1 driver is
   *   used. Switching to another mode first and then to BW80x25
   *   will correct the display.
   *
   *  This code was written by Borland Technical Support.
   *  It is provided as is with no warranties expressed or implied.
   *
   */

  #define Uses_TRect
  #define Uses_TKeys
  #define Uses_TEvent
  #define Uses_TDialog
  #define Uses_TMenu
  #define Uses_TMenuItem
  #define Uses_TMenuBar
  #define Uses_TDeskTop
  #define Uses_TDisplay
  #define Uses_TScreen
  #define Uses_TApplication
  #include <tv.h>


  const int cmSetCO80x25 = 100;
  const int cmSetCO80x50 = 101;
  const int cmSetBW80x25 = 102;
  const int cmSetBW80x50 = 103;
  const int cmSetMono    = 104;













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1549
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 25, 1993                         PAGE  :  2/5

    TITLE  :  Switching between text video modes in Turbo Vision




  TMenuItem& operator +( TMenuItem& menuItem1,
                         TMenuItem& menuItem2 );
  extern TPoint shadowSize;
  void clrscr();


  /*
   *
   * Application Class
   *
   */
  class TVideoApp : public TApplication
  {

  public:

      TVideoApp() : TApplication(),
                    TProgInit( initStatusLine,
                               initMenuBar,
                               initDeskTop ),
                    mode( TScreen::getCrtMode() )
                    { }
      static TMenuBar *initMenuBar( TRect r );
      virtual void handleEvent( TEvent& event );

  protected:

      ushort mode;

  };


  /*
   *
   * Menu bar
   *
   */
  TMenuBar *TVideoApp::initMenuBar( TRect r )
  {
      r.b.y = r.a.y + 1;
      return new TMenuBar( r, new TMenu(
        *new TMenuItem("~V~ideo Mode", kbAltV, new TMenu(
          *new TMenuItem( "~C~olor (25) ", cmSetCO80x25, kbAltC ) +













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1549
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 25, 1993                         PAGE  :  3/5

    TITLE  :  Switching between text video modes in Turbo Vision




          *new TMenuItem( "C~o~lor (43/50) ", cmSetCO80x50,
                          kbAltO ) +
          *new TMenuItem( "~B~lack & White (25)", cmSetBW80x25,
                          kbAltB ) +
          *new TMenuItem( "B~l~ack & White (43/50)", cmSetBW80x50,
                          kbAltL ) +
          *new TMenuItem( "~M~onochrome", cmSetMono, kbAltM )
          ))
        ));
  }


  /*
   * TVideoApp::handleEvent
   *
   * Handle switching of the video modes.  This involves calling
   * TProgram::setScreenMode with one of the enumerated types
   * defined in TDisplay.  To get 43/50 line mode (43 on EGA, 50 on
   * VGA), bitwise or TDisplay::smFont8x8 with the video mode.
   * shadowSize is an external variable that determines how many
   * characters are used for the width of the shadow of a window or
   * button.  Modification of this variable is merely cosmetic as
   * it only affects the appearance of the display.
   */
  void TVideoApp::handleEvent( TEvent& event )
  {
      TApplication::handleEvent( event );

      if( event.what == evCommand )
      {
          switch( event.message.command )
          {

          case cmSetCO80x50:
              mode = TDisplay::smCO80 | TDisplay::smFont8x8;
              shadowSize.x = 2;
              break;

          case cmSetCO80x25:
              mode = TDisplay::smCO80;
              shadowSize.x = 1;
              break;














  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1549
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 25, 1993                         PAGE  :  4/5

    TITLE  :  Switching between text video modes in Turbo Vision




          case cmSetBW80x50:
              mode = TDisplay::smBW80 | TDisplay::smFont8x8;
              shadowSize.x = 2;
              break;

          case cmSetBW80x25:
              mode = TDisplay::smBW80;
              shadowSize.x = 1;
              break;

          case cmSetMono:
              mode = TDisplay::smMono;
              break;

          default:
              return;

          }
          clrscr();
          setScreenMode( mode );
      }
  }


  /*
   *
   * MAIN
   *
   */
  int main()
  {
      TVideoApp TB;
      TB.run();
      return 0;
  }


  /*
   * global operator +
   *
   * Since the objects will always be in a linked list, and the
   * operator+ is processd left-to-right, we will define the
   * function as appending menuItem2 to menuItem1, and then return













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1549
  VERSION  :  3.x
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 25, 1993                         PAGE  :  5/5

    TITLE  :  Switching between text video modes in Turbo Vision




   * menuItem1.
   */

  TMenuItem& operator +( TMenuItem& menuItem1,
                         TMenuItem& menuItem2 )
  {
      TMenuItem *p = &menuItem1;
      while( p->next != NULL )
          p = p->next;
      p->next = &menuItem2;
      return menuItem1;
  }


  /*
   * clrscr()
   *
   * A simple clear screen function, because since Turbo Vision
   * bypasses the RTL for it's screen access code, the RTL clrscr()
   * function does not work properly.
   */
  void clrscr()
  {
      char far *scrbuf = TScreen::screenBuffer;

      asm mov cx, 4096
      asm xor ax, ax
      asm les di, scrbuf
      asm rep stosw
  }


  DISCLAIMER: You have the right to use this technical information
  subject to the terms of the No-Nonsense License Statement that
  you received with the Borland product to which this information
  pertains.













