<pre>






  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1730
  VERSION  :  All
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 21, 1993                         PAGE  :  1/6

    TITLE  :  Inserting text into a Turbo Vision window




  Of all the Turbo Vision demonstration programs none show how to
  simply insert text into a window. What this TI does is take one
  of the TV Guide demo programs and adds the code necessary to
  insert text into a window. I used the earliest possible TV Guide
  in order to help make the changes so the changes would be easy
  to see.

  Work through the TVGuide tutorials until you have finished
  lesson four. Then you can apply the methods in this example to
  insert text into your own programs. As you will see the process
  is very simple, but is not as obvious the manual assumed.

  Look for block comments with "FOR INSERTING TEXT" to find the
  required additions.

  /*---------------------------------------------------------*/
  /*                                                         */
  /*   Turbo Vision 1.0                                      */
  /*   TVGUID04 Demo Source File                             */
  /*                                                         */
  /*   TI version demonstrates inserting text into           */
  /*   the window.                                           */
  /*                                                         */
  /*   Copyright (c) 1991 by Borland International           */
  /*                                                         */
  /*---------------------------------------------------------*/

  #include <stdlib.h>               // for random()

  #define Uses_TEvent
  #define Uses_TApplication
  #define Uses_TKeys
  #define Uses_TRect
  #define Uses_TMenuBar
  #define Uses_TSubMenu
  #define Uses_TMenuItem
  #define Uses_TStatusLine
  #define Uses_TStatusItem
  #define Uses_TStatusDef
  #define Uses_TDeskTop
  #define Uses_TWindow
  #include <tv.h>














  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1730
  VERSION  :  All
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 21, 1993                         PAGE  :  2/6

    TITLE  :  Inserting text into a Turbo Vision window




  const int cmMyFileOpen = 200; // assign new command values
  const int cmMyNewWin   = 201;


  class TMyApp : public TApplication
  {

  public:
      TMyApp();
      static TStatusLine *initStatusLine( TRect r );
      static TMenuBar *initMenuBar( TRect r );
      virtual void handleEvent( TEvent& event);
      void myNewWindow();
  };


  static short winNumber = 0;         // initialize window number

  class TDemoWindow : public TWindow  // define a new window class
  {

  public:

     TDemoWindow( const TRect& r,
                  const char *aTitle,
                  short aNumber );
      // declare a constructor

      //   static TFrame *initFrame( TRect r );
      // override needed only if you want a nonstandard frame
      // Here we'll inherit TWindow::initFrame unchanged
      // so TWindowInit will take &TDemoWindow::initFrame to give
      // a standard frame
  };

  /*------------------------------------------- FOR INSERTING TEXT

  In order to insert text you must create an interior for the text
  to reside in. This is accomplished by deriving a class from
  TView. TView has a virtual draw() function you will need to
  supply a definition for.

  --------------------------------------------------------------*/













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1730
  VERSION  :  All
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 21, 1993                         PAGE  :  3/6

    TITLE  :  Inserting text into a Turbo Vision window




  class MyInterior: public TView {
    public:
     MyInterior(const TRect& bounds);
     virtual void draw();// Called when the view must be displayed
  };

  /*------------------------------------------- FOR INSERTING TEXT

  The constructor for MyInterior is passed the coordinates of the
  window the interior is for. The growmode is set and any options
  desired.

  --------------------------------------------------------------*/

  MyInterior::MyInterior(const TRect& bounds) : TView(bounds) {
     growMode = gfGrowHiX | gfGrowHiY;
     options = options | ofFramed;
  }

  /*------------------------------------------- FOR INSERTING TEXT

  Below is the definition of MyInterior::draw() this is the
  function that will insert text into your window. The key points
  in making this works is the call to TView::draw() that creates
  the interior and writeLine(). The writeLine() places the
  contents for the buffer you create with TDrawBuffer on the
  screen.

  --------------------------------------------------------------*/

  void MyInterior::draw()
  {
     char *hstr = "Welcome to Turbo Vision";// The text to insert
     ushort color = getColor(0x0301);// Maps the palette indices
                                     // in the low and high bytes
                                     // of color.

     TView::draw();  // Called whenever the view must draw itself.
                     // draw must cover entire area of the view.
     TDrawBuffer b;  // defines the array for the draw buffer
     b.moveStr(0, hstr, color );// moves the string to draw buffer
     writeLine( 0, 0, 23, 1, b); // writes the buffer to screen
  }













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1730
  VERSION  :  All
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 21, 1993                         PAGE  :  4/6

    TITLE  :  Inserting text into a Turbo Vision window




  TMyApp::TMyApp() :
      TProgInit( &TMyApp::initStatusLine,
                 &TMyApp::initMenuBar,
                 &TMyApp::initDeskTop
               )
  {
  }

  TStatusLine *TMyApp::initStatusLine(TRect r)
  {
      r.a.y = r.b.y - 1;     // move top to 1 line above bottom
      return new TStatusLine( r,
          *new TStatusDef( 0, 0xFFFF ) +
          // set range of help contexts
              *new TStatusItem( 0, kbF10, cmMenu ) +
              // define an item
              *new TStatusItem( "~Alt-X~ Exit", kbAltX, cmQuit )+
              // define an item
              *new TStatusItem( "~Alt-F3~ Close", kbAltF3,cmClose)
              // and another one
          );
  }

  TMenuBar *TMyApp::initMenuBar( TRect r )
  {

      r.b.y = r.a.y + 1;  // set bottom line 1 line below top line
      return new TMenuBar( r,
          *new TSubMenu( "~F~ile", kbAltF )+
              *new TMenuItem( "~O~pen", cmMyFileOpen, kbF3,
                               hcNoContext, "F3" )+
              *new TMenuItem( "~N~ew",  cmMyNewWin,   kbF4,
                               hcNoContext, "F4" )+
              newLine()+
              *new TMenuItem( "E~x~it", cmQuit, cmQuit,
                               hcNoContext, "Alt-X" )+
          *new TSubMenu( "~W~indow", kbAltW )+
              *new TMenuItem( "~N~ext", cmNext,     kbF6,
                               hcNoContext, "F6" )+
              *new TMenuItem( "~Z~oom", cmZoom,     kbF5,
                               hcNoContext, "F5" )
          );
  }













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1730
  VERSION  :  All
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 21, 1993                         PAGE  :  5/6

    TITLE  :  Inserting text into a Turbo Vision window




  void TMyApp::handleEvent(TEvent& event)
  {
      TApplication::handleEvent(event); // act like base!
      if( event.what == evCommand )
          {
          switch( event.message.command )
              {
              case cmMyNewWin:   // respond to additional commands
                  myNewWindow();   // define action for cmMyNewWin
                  break;
              default:
                  return;
              }
          clearEvent( event );       // clear event after handling
          }
  }

  void TMyApp::myNewWindow()
  {
      TRect r( 0, 0, 26, 7 );     // set initial size and position
      r.move( random(53), random(16) ); // randomly move around
      TDemoWindow *window = new TDemoWindow ( r, "Demo Window",
                                              ++winNumber);
      deskTop->insert(window); // put window into desktop and draw
  }


  TDemoWindow::TDemoWindow( const TRect& r, const char *aTitle,
                            short aNumber):
                            TWindow( r, aTitle, aNumber),
                            TWindowInit( &TDemoWindow::initFrame
                          )
  {

  /*------------------------------------------- FOR INSERTING TEXT

  The following three lines are added to the applications
  constructor. The first two gets the size of the current Rect and
  reduces the coordinate by one. Then the Rect is used to insert
  the new interior.

  --------------------------------------------------------------*/














  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1730
  VERSION  :  All
       OS  :  DOS
     DATE  :  October 21, 1993                         PAGE  :  6/6

    TITLE  :  Inserting text into a Turbo Vision window




      TRect curRect = getClipRect();
      curRect.grow(-1, -1);
      insert(new MyInterior(curRect) );
  }

  int main()
  {
      TMyApp myApp;
      myApp.run();
      return 0;
  }


  DISCLAIMER: You have the right to use this technical information
  subject to the terms of the No-Nonsense License Statement that
  you received with the Borland product to which this information
  pertains.
































</pre>
