






  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1753
  VERSION  :  4.0
       OS  :  DOS, WIN
     DATE  :  January 13, 1994                         PAGE  :  1/3

    TITLE  :  Using Turbo Vision 1.0x with Borland C++ 4.0




  You can easily build Turbo Vision applications in the Borland C++
  4.0 IDE and have full access to all the new features of the IDE
  related to DOS programming.  The following instructions detail
  the necessary changes, step by step, to your current Turbo Vision
  project files so that you can continue your Turbo Vision
  development with the new IDE.  If you have not already done so,
  obtain TI 1752 about rebuilding the Turbo Vision library for use
  with the new compiler.  Build the appropriate version of TV.LIB
  and then return here to continue with these steps.  If you are
  building an overlaid application, see the notes at the end of
  this document in addition to the main instructions shown here.

  1. Run the new Borland C++ 4.0 IDE, select Project | Open Project
     and give it the name of the old .PRJ file.

  2. Add TV.LIB library to your project.  It does not matter in
     what order or where these libraries are placed in the
     dependency list as long as they are immediate dependencies of
     the target node (your executable file.)

  3. Using TargetExpert (accessed via the local menu for the
     project file target) set the fields to the following values:

     Target Type:       Application [.exe]
     Platform:                  DOS Standard
     Target Model:              Large
     Standard Libraries:
        BGI:                       Unchecked
        Class Library:       Unchecked
        RTL:                       Checked

     Also, select the appropriate type of floating point math
     support for your application.  Now hit <OK> to save and close
     this dialog.

  4. Bring up the Project Notebook (via the Options | Project
     menu).  If you have added a second target to the project,
     bring up the Local Options dialog via the speed menu for the
     appropriate target whose options you need to change.

     a. Select Directories and set the include path to:

        \BC4\INCLUDE;\BC4\TVISION\INCLUDE













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1753
  VERSION  :  4.0
       OS  :  DOS, WIN
     DATE  :  January 13, 1994                         PAGE  :  2/3

    TITLE  :  Using Turbo Vision 1.0x with Borland C++ 4.0




        Include drive letters if necessary.

     b. Set the Library path to:

        \BC4\LIB

        Again, include a drive letter if necessary.

     c. Select C++ Options | Exception Handling/RTTI and turn off
        all checkboxes on this page.  Turbo Vision objects are not
        equipped to throw or catch exceptions, so the extra code
        produced by these options is unnecessary.

     That's all there is to modifying the project file.  At this
     point, you should select Options | Save and save the new
     project file.  Then select Project | Build All (or select
     Build Node from the speed menu of the target you wish to
     build.)  This will rebuild all object modules, thus ensuring
     that no object modules remain that might have been compiled
     with Borland C++ 3.1.  When it's done linking your program,
     you'll now have your Turbo Vision project successfully built
     with the new BC++ 4.0 IDE.

  Overlaying Turbo Vision

  If you are building an overlaid Turbo Vision application, make
  the following adjustments to the steps above.  Make sure that
  when you built the new Turbo Vision library, you specified
  -DOVERLAY on the MAKE.EXE command line.

     In step 2, add TVO.LIB and TVNO.LIB to your project instead of
     TV.LIB.

     In step 3, the platform should be set to <Dos Overlay> instead
     of <Dos Standard>.

     In addition to the option changes in step 4, make the
     following changes to the Options | Project dialog pages:

     d. Select C++ Options | Virtual Tables and set the radio
        button to <Local>.

     e. For each node in the project that should be overlaid, go to













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1753
  VERSION  :  4.0
       OS  :  DOS, WIN
     DATE  :  January 13, 1994                         PAGE  :  3/3

    TITLE  :  Using Turbo Vision 1.0x with Borland C++ 4.0




        that nodes' speed menu and select Node Attributes. Check
        the box marked <Overlay this module>.  Make sure you set
        this option for TVO.LIB in addition to your own source
        modules and make sure you do NOT set this option for
        TVNO.LIB.

     Note that compiling via assembler when overlaying Turbo Vision
     code is no longer necessary.

  DISCLAIMER: You have the right to use this technical information
  subject to the terms of the No-Nonsense License Statement that
  you received with the Borland product to which this information
  pertains.




































