






  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1778
  VERSION  :  4.0
       OS  :  WIN
     DATE  :  February 17, 1994                        PAGE  :  1/4

    TITLE  :  COMMON QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT BORLAND C++ 4.0







  Since the release of BC++4.0, the technical support group has
  been flooded with new problems arising during installation and
  configuration of BC++ 4.0.  The following list of questions and
  answers is compiled from the most frequently asked questions.
  The last question asks how to receive Technical Information
  documents.


  Q: I got my BC++4.0 installed and I didn't get any error messages
  during the installation.  But when I click on the Borland C++
  icon, the screen blinks and I am back to the Program Manager, or
  I get a "fatal error in display" error message.  What should I
  do?

  A: This is a common problem with various types of video cards in
  the market, such as the ATI Ultra and Diamond Stealth cards.  The
  two solutions are as follows:  Switch your video mode to VGA
  under Windows Setup.  Contact your video card company and get the
  latest update of their drivers.  Until you get the driver, VGA
  mode is the temporary solution.  Once you get the newest drivers,
  you can switch back to your old video mode.  For more
  information, refer to the Technical Information document TI 1755.


  Q: I just got the diskette set, and I have 60M of HD space.  I
  only need to do DOS programming, or I just need certain tools,
  how can I configure the installation program so I can fit the
  compiler on my system?

  A: Refer to Section 3 in INSTALL.TXT (diskette version) on the
  first disk, Minimum and Selected Installation Options.


  Q: I am installing BC++4.0, and I get a "disk full" message.  But
  I had 90M of HD space available when I ran the CHKDSK command.  I
  have a compressed drive(DBLSPACE, STACKER, etc.).

  A: Refer to Section 2 in INSTALL.TXT (diskette version) under
  Disk Compression.














  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1778
  VERSION  :  4.0
       OS  :  WIN
     DATE  :  February 17, 1994                        PAGE  :  2/4

    TITLE  :  COMMON QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT BORLAND C++ 4.0




  Q: I have installed BC++4.0 from a CD-ROM, I did a minimum
  installation and everything seems to be fine, except that
  whenever I start Windows, it requires me to place the CD-ROM in
  the drive.  How do I avoid this inconvenient process?

  A: Refer to Section 3 in INSTALL.TXT (CD version) located in the
  INSTALL directory.


  Q: I just received the CD-ROM version of BC++4.0, and I tried to
  install it but the drive won't recognize the CD or I see a blank
  CD.  All my other CD's work except for this one.  Do I need to
  get a new CD?  I have a Corel SCSI driver.

  A: No, it is not a blank CD.  But you need to make the following
  changes.

     1. Edit your CONFIG.SYS file, and make sure
     DEVICE=[DRIVER.SYS] /D:MSCD000 is there (replace DRIVER.SYS
     with your CD-ROM driver).

     2. If you have DOS 6.0 or above, you should have a MSCDEX.EXE
     file in the DOS directory, if you don't have DOS 6.0 or above,
     you might want to copy that file from someone else who has it
     and put it in your DOS directory.

     3. Edit your AUTOEXEC.BAT file, REM out the line where Corel
     CDEX is, and add C:\DOS\MSCDEX.EXE /S /D:MSCD000


  Q: I am having a problem with the CDROM installation.  I have
  clean booted, made sure I have enough space, and am still having
  problems.  What can I do?

  A: The CDROM version of BC4 has the full product, in uncompressed
  format, in the BC4 directory on the CD.  It is possible to do a
  manual installation, bypassing the install executable.  Refer to
  Technical Information document TI1769 for more instructions.


  Q: I will install BC++4.0 on a network, I want to know what
  options I need to pick in order to get it to work?














  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1778
  VERSION  :  4.0
       OS  :  WIN
     DATE  :  February 17, 1994                        PAGE  :  3/4

    TITLE  :  COMMON QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT BORLAND C++ 4.0




  A: Refer to Section 9 in INSTALL.TXT.  More detailed instructions
  are available in our Technical Information document TI1739.


  Q: When I click on the Workshop icon or try to invoke Workshop
  from the IDE, I get this error message "Error, Resource Workshop
  requires BWCC 2.00 and above".  What's the problem?

  A: Actually the problem arises from having two BWCC.DLL files,
  one in the WINDOWS directory and the other in WINDOWS\SYSTEM
  directory.  The former one is old and can be deleted.  The latter
  one is the updated BWCC file, dated 10-21-93, size 156544, that
  you should keep.  Should you still have a problem, refer to the
  Technical Information document TI1768.


  Q: I installed BC++4.0 and want to run Resource Workshop, but
  when I click on Workshop icon, I get this error message,
  "CTL3DV2.DLL, STOP, This application uses CTL3DV2.DLL, which has
  not been correctly installed".  What should I do?

  A: The problem arises from the install program which has
  mistakenly placed CTL3DV2.DLL into the \BC4\BIN directory.  If
  this is the case, move the file to the \WINDOWS\SYSTEM directory.
  If it still doesn't work, rename WORKSHOP.INI file in the
  WINDOWS directory, and try to run RW again.  If all of the above
  fails, call Borland Technical Support at (408) 461-9133.


  Q: I have BC++3.1 with Application Frameworks (or any older
  versions), and I am upgrading to BC++4.0.  Can I leave my older
  version on my system?

  A: Yes, although you will have to do some configuring in order to
  have both of them run properly.  Refer to Technical Information
  document TI1738 for more information.


  Q: I just got BC++4.0, and I notice that it doesn't come with
  Turbo Vision, and OWL1 is upgraded to OWL2.  Can I still use my
  old TV and OWL1 programs with BC++4.0?

  A: Yes, with minimal modifications.  There is file called













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1778
  VERSION  :  4.0
       OS  :  WIN
     DATE  :  February 17, 1994                        PAGE  :  4/4

    TITLE  :  COMMON QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT BORLAND C++ 4.0




  COMPAT.TXT that will explain the necessary changes to your source
  code.  It is located in the \BC4\DOC directory.  Updated
  instructions are available in the following Technical
  Information documents.

    Title                        Document Number
    -------------------------------------------
    OWL1.0 w/BC++4.0             TI 1750
    Using OWL1.0 w/BC++4.0       TI 1751
    Rebuilding TV1.0x w/BC++4.0  TI 1752
    Using TV1.0x w/BC++4.0       TI 1753


  Q: I am installing Borland Visual Solutions Pack, and I am
  encountering one of the following problems:

      1) "BORINST CAUSED A SEGMENT LOAD FAILURE IN MODULE
          BVSPINST.EXE AT..."
      2) "...header check sum...".
      3) Under OS/2, I get part of the way through the first disk
         and then the installation menu box pops up asking for the
         first disk again.

  A: We have patch to fix this problem.  Call our BBS at
  (408) 431-5096 and download the file BVSPP1.ZIP.


  Q: How do I develop DOS applications in BC++ 4.0?

  A: Refer to TI 1773 for information on how to do this.


  Q: How do I get a Technical Information document?

  A: From either our BBS at (408)431-5096(TI1738.ZIP) or TechFax at
  (800) 822-4269.




  DISCLAIMER: You have the right to use this technical information
  subject to the terms of the No-Nonsense License Statement that














  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1778
  VERSION  :  4.0
       OS  :  WIN
     DATE  :  February 17, 1994                        PAGE  :  5/5

    TITLE  :  COMMON QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT BORLAND C++ 4.0




  you received with the Borland product to which this information
  pertains.















































