






  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1752
  VERSION  :  4.0
       OS  :  DOS, WIN
     DATE  :  January 13, 1994                         PAGE  :  1/6

    TITLE  :  Rebuilding Turbo Vision 1.0x with Borland C++ 4.0




  Due to changes in the debug information format, symbol length,
  and runtime library, the Turbo Vision library must be recompiled
  with Borland C++ 4.0.  There are 3 steps to this process:

  1. Copy the old 3.1 Turbo Vision source into the new BC4
     directory structure.

  2. Make the appropriate source code changes according to the
     instructions below.

  3. Run MAKE to build the new Turbo Vision library you need to
     continue your work.  If you are using Turbo Vision in an
     overlaid application, make sure you follow the instructions
     specific to overlays.

  These steps are now presented in more detail:  Note that the
  Borland C++ root directory is assumed to be \BC4.  Change this as
  necessary to reflect your particular installation and make sure
  that \BC4\BIN is in your path.  There is a support file for this
  TI called BC40TV.ZIP.  Be sure to obtain this file from our BBS,
  Compuserve, BIX, or Genie.  It contains files necessary to
  rebuild the Turbo Vision library for Borland C++ 4.0

  1. First, you need to copy your old Turbo Vision source and
     include files from Borland C++ 3.1 into your Borland C++ 4.0
     directory hierarchy.  One way of doing this would be to run
     the following command from the DOS command prompt:

        XCOPY \BC31\TVISION \BC4\TVISION /S

     When it asks you about creating a directory called TVISION,
     reply yes.

     If you completely removed Borland C++ 3.1 before installing
     4.0, then you must reinstall the Turbo Vision source code and
     header files.  First, there are several directories that need
     to be created.  You can use the following set of commands to
     do this:

        CD \BC4
        MKDIR TVISION
        CD TVISION
        MKDIR SOURCE













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1752
  VERSION  :  4.0
       OS  :  DOS, WIN
     DATE  :  January 13, 1994                         PAGE  :  2/6

    TITLE  :  Rebuilding Turbo Vision 1.0x with Borland C++ 4.0




        MKDIR INCLUDE
        MKDIR OBJS
        MKDIR HELP
        MKDIR LIB
        MKDIR DEMOS
        MKDIR DOCDEMOS

     From BC++ 3.1 disk 1, copy UNPAK.EXE into the \BC4\BIN
     directory.  Next, using FILELIST.DOC, also on disk 1,
     determine which disks contain the following files: TVSRC.PAK,
     TVINC.PAK, TVHELP.PAK, TVDEMOS.PAK, TVDOCDEM.PAK.  To unpack
     them, perform the following operations, modified to fit your
     directory hierarchy if necessary.

        <insert disk with TVSRC.PAK into drive A:>
        CD \BC4\TVISION\SOURCE
        UNPAK X A:\TVSRC.PAK

        <insert disk with TVINC.PAK into drive A:>
        CD \BC4\TVISION\INCLUDE
        UNPAK X A:\TVINC.PAK

        <insert disk with TVHELP.PAK into drive A:>
        CD \BC4\TVISION\HELP
        UNPAK X A:\TVHELP.PAK

        <insert disk with TVDEMOS.PAK into drive A:>
        CD \BC4\TVISION\DEMOS
        UNPAK X A:\TVDEMOS.PAK

        <insert disk with TVDOCDEM.PAK into drive A:>
        CD \BC4\TVISION\DOCDEMOS
        UNPAK X A:\TVDOCDEM.PAK

     If you have owned Borland C++ 3.1 for a long time, your
     installation copy may use PKZIP file compression instead of
     PAK file compression.  If so, then follow the instructions
     above, but use UNZIP.EXE instead of UNPAK.EXE.  Also, note
     that the compressed files will have a .ZIP extension instead
     of .PAK and that the 'X' command line should not be used.

  2. Next, the source code needs a few minor changes before it will
     successfully recompile with the new compiler.  If you upgraded













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1752
  VERSION  :  4.0
       OS  :  DOS, WIN
     DATE  :  January 13, 1994                         PAGE  :  3/6

    TITLE  :  Rebuilding Turbo Vision 1.0x with Borland C++ 4.0




     from Borland C++ 2.0 and have the original version of Turbo
     Vision (there were minor revisions for Borland C++ 3.0 and
     3.1), be extra careful making the source code changes because
     some of the line numbers mentioned may not accurately reflect
     your version.

     The changes are as follows:

     a. Due to tighter syntax checking, case blocks that declare
        initialized local variables need their own scoping block.
        Make the changes below in the order shown so that confusion
        over the correct line numbers can be avoided.  In general,
        the '{' follows a case statement, and the '}' follows a
        break statement.

        COLORSEL.CPP

           Add after line 219:  }
           Add after line 179:  {
           Add after line 177:  }
           Add after line 164:  {

        TBUTTON.CPP

           Add after line 226:  }
           Add after line 211:  {
           Add after line 209:  }
           Add after line 192:  {

     b. There is a new version of strchr() that returns a const
        char * if the parameter passed is also const char *.  There
        are two places in Turbo Vision where this causes a type
        mismatch error.  A simple cast fixes the problem in both
        cases.

        TINPUTLIN.CPP

           Replace line 44:
              if( (p = strchr( s, '~' )) != 0 )
           With
              if( (p = (char *) strchr( s, '~' )) != 0 )

        TMNUVIEW.CPP













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1752
  VERSION  :  4.0
       OS  :  DOS, WIN
     DATE  :  January 13, 1994                         PAGE  :  4/6

    TITLE  :  Rebuilding Turbo Vision 1.0x with Borland C++ 4.0




           Replace line 348:
              char *loc = strchr( p->name, '~' );
           With
              char *loc = (char *) strchr( p->name, '~' );

     c. Because we fixed a problem with the variable argument
        support in the runtime library, a change is in order to
        correctly use the new version.

        MSGBOX.CPP:

           Replace line 114:       va_start( argptr, aOptions );
           With                    va_start( argptr, fmt );

           Replace line 138:       va_start( argptr, aOptions );
           With                     va_start( argptr, fmt );

     d. The assembler is no longer required during the compilation
        of SYSERR.CPP.  You must make this change if you did not
        purchase Turbo Assembler with Borland C++ 4.0.

        SYSERR.CPP

           Delete line 18:        #pragma inline

     e. Due to the addition of the new third character type, the
        name mangling for character types has changed and the
        following changes are necessary.  If you did not purchase
        the Turbo Assembler with Borland C++ 4.0, you need to
        obtain a properly assembled version of this file.  The new
        version shipped in the LIB\COMPAT directory may not have
        these changes made to it.  You can obtain a new correct
        copy of TVWRITE.OBJ from our BBS, Compuserve, BIX, or Genie
        by downloading the file BC40TV.ZIP.  Be sure to replace the
        file \BC4\LIB\COMPAT\TVWRITE.OBJ with this new version.

        TVWRITE.ASM

           Replace line 25:       PUBLIC  @TView@writeChar$qsszcucs
           With           PUBLIC  @TView@writeChar$qsscucs

           Replace line 27:       PUBLIC  @TView@writeStr$qssnxzcuc
           With           PUBLIC  @TView@writeStr$qssnxcuc













  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1752
  VERSION  :  4.0
       OS  :  DOS, WIN
     DATE  :  January 13, 1994                         PAGE  :  5/6

    TITLE  :  Rebuilding Turbo Vision 1.0x with Borland C++ 4.0




           Replace line 366:      PROC    @TView@writeChar$qsszcucs
           With           PROC    @TView@writeChar$qsscucs

           Replace line 436:      PROC    @TView@writeStr$qssnxzcuc
           With           PROC    @TView@writeStr$qssnxcuc

        Note that all of the above changes simply entail removing
        the letter 'z' from the last part of the mangled symbol
        name.

     f. Finally, we have extensively modified the old makefile for
        BC++ 4.0.  In addition to changes required by the new BC4
        directory hierarchy, some new features have been added to
        make the makefile easier to use.  This new makefile can be
        found in the BC40TV.ZIP file mentioned in step (e) above.
        Extract the new makefile with PKUNZIP, and save it in the
        \BC4\TVISION\SOURCE directory as MAKEFILE.

  3. You are now ready to build a new version of the Turbo Vision
     library for use with Borland C++ 4.0.  There are a number of
     options supported in this makefile, including the following:

        -DDEBUG           Builds the library with full debug
  information.

        -DNOTASM          Required to build the library if you do
  not
                          have Turbo Assembler 4.0.

        -DOVERLAY         Builds an overlay compatible version of
  the
                          library.

     If you build the stock library (no -DOVERLAY switch), the
     output is a single library file called TV.LIB placed in the
     \BC4\LIB directory.  If you build an overlay compatible
     version of the library, there are two output files named
     TVO.LIB and TVNO.LIB, again placed in \BC4\LIB.  TVO.LIB is
     the portion of Turbo Vision that can be overlaid and TVNO.LIB
     is the group of modules that cannot be overlaid.  See TI 1753
     on Using Turbo Vision with Borland C++ 4.0 for more details on
     this.














  PRODUCT  :  Borland C++                           NUMBER  :  1752
  VERSION  :  4.0
       OS  :  DOS, WIN
     DATE  :  January 13, 1994                         PAGE  :  6/6

    TITLE  :  Rebuilding Turbo Vision 1.0x with Borland C++ 4.0




     For example, to build the stock library, run:

        MAKE

     To build an overlay compatible version of the library with
     full debug info and without using Turbo Assembler, run:

        MAKE -DOVERLAY -DNOTASM -DDEBUG

     Note that any combination of the above switches may be used.
     There are also a few more options that are discussed in the
     header of the makefile.

  DISCLAIMER: You have the right to use this technical information
  subject to the terms of the No-Nonsense License Statement that
  you received with the Borland product to which this information
  pertains.
































